README.md, before:

# Self-Healing Test Automation Harness

> **🚧 ALPHA RELEASE** - Plugin Architecture Foundation with Playwright E2E Engine Implementation Complete

A comprehensive TypeScript/Node.js test automation platform that orchestrates multiple test types (unit, e2e, performance, security) with AI-powered self-healing capabilities.

## 🚀 Features

- **✅ Playwright E2E Engine**: Fully implemented with self-healing capabilities
- **✅ App Analysis Engine**: Automated app analysis and test generation with healing support
- **✅ WebAppAnalyzer Component**: Complete web application analysis with DOM extraction and UI element identification
- **✅ AITestGenerator Component**: AI-powered intelligent test generation with LLM integration (OpenAI, Claude, local models)
- **✅ Mobile-Responsive Dashboard**: Complete PWA with offline capabilities
- **Multi-Engine Support**: Playwright (E2E), Jest (Unit), k6 (Performance), OWASP ZAP (Security), App Analysis
- **AI-Powered Self-Healing**: Automatic locator recovery and test adaptation
- **AI-Powered Test Generation**: Natural language processing for user stories and intelligent test scenario creation
- **App Analysis API**: Complete REST API for app analysis workflow with 5 comprehensive endpoints
- **System Overview Dashboard**: Real-time monitoring with visual health indicators
- **Unified Reporting**: Consolidated dashboard for all test types
- **Organized Artifacts**: Centralized test artifacts management
- **Docker Ready**: Containerized deployment in under 10 minutes
- **Observability**: OpenTelemetry integration with comprehensive metrics
- **API Integration Service**: Modern JavaScript client library for seamless frontend integration
- **Progressive Web App**: Manifest, service worker, and offline functionality

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 20+ 
- npm or yarn
- Docker (for containerized deployment)

## 🛠️ Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Build the Project

```bash
npm run build
```

### 3. Start the Application

```bash
npm start
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

### 4. Access the Dashboard

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/` to access the Mobile-Responsive System Overview Dashboard featuring:
- **Real-time system health monitoring** with visual indicators
- **Test engine status** and availability tracking  
- **System metrics** (CPU, memory, disk usage)
- **Healing statistics** with success rates
- **Auto-refresh** functionality (10s health checks, 30s metrics)
- **Mobile-responsive design** with hamburger navigation
- **Progressive Web App** capabilities for mobile installation
- **Touch-optimized interface** with 44px minimum touch targets

### 5. Verify Installation

```bash
# Health check
curl http://localhost:3000/health

# API status
curl http://localhost:3000/api/status
```

### 5. Run E2E Tests (NEW!)

```bash
# Run Playwright E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# View test reports
npm run test:e2e:report

# Run with Playwright UI
npm run test:e2e:ui
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── analysis/      # ✅ App analysis components
│   ├── AppAnalysisEngine.ts      # ✅ Analysis engine implementation
│   └── WebAppAnalyzer.ts         # ✅ NEW! Web app analyzer component
├── api/           # REST API endpoints
├── config/        # Configuration management
├── core/          # Core orchestration logic
├── engines/       # Test engine implementations
│   ├── PlaywrightTestEngine.ts    # ✅ Playwright E2E engine
│   └── PlaywrightConfig.ts        # ✅ Playwright configuration
├── healing/       # Self-healing algorithms
├── observability/ # Metrics and monitoring
├── types/         # TypeScript type definitions
├── ui/            # ✅ Mobile-responsive web dashboard
│   └── public/    # Static assets (HTML, CSS, JS, PWA files)
│       ├── css/   # Stylesheets including mobile.css
│       ├── js/    # JavaScript including mobile components
│       ├── manifest.json  # PWA manifest
│       └── sw.js  # Service worker
└── utils/         # Shared utilities

tests/
├── unit/          # Unit tests
├── integration/   # Integration tests
└── e2e/           # ✅ E2E tests with Playwright

artifacts/         # ✅ Organized test artifacts
├── screenshots/   # Test screenshots
├── videos/        # Test videos
├── traces/        # Playwright traces
├── reports/       # Test reports (HTML, JSON, XML)
└── test-results/  # Raw test results
```

## 🔧 Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Compile TypeScript to JavaScript and copy UI files to dist/
- `npm start` - Start the production server
- `npm run dev` - Start development server with hot reload
- `npm test` - Run all tests (unit + integration)
- `npm run test:unit` - Run unit tests only
- `npm run test:integration` - Run integration tests only
- `npm run test:e2e` - Run E2E tests with Playwright

### UI Development Workflow

When making changes to dashboard files:
1. **Edit files** in `src/ui/public/` directory
2. **Build project** with `npm run build` (copies to `dist/ui/public/`)
3. **Restart server** with `npm start` 
4. **Clear browser cache** or use incognito mode to see changes

**Note**: The server serves from `dist/` directory, so always rebuild after UI changes.
- `npm run test:e2e:ui` - Run E2E tests with Playwright UI
- `npm run test:e2e:report` - View HTML test reports
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run clean` - Clean build artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean` - Clean all test artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-screenshots` - Clean screenshot artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-videos` - Clean video artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-traces` - Clean trace artifacts

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `PORT` | `3000` | Server port |
| `NODE_ENV` | `development` | Environment mode |
| `LOG_LEVEL` | `info` | Logging level |
| `HEALING_ENABLED` | `true` | Enable self-healing |
| `HEALING_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD` | `0.6` | Minimum confidence for auto-healing |

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build Docker image
docker build -t test-automation-harness .

# Run container
docker run -p 3000:3000 test-automation-harness
```

## 📊 Architecture

The harness follows a plugin-based architecture with:

- **Core Orchestrator**: Manages test execution and coordination
- **Engine Plugins**: Swappable test engines for different test types
- **Healing Engine**: AI-powered test recovery and adaptation
- **AI Test Generation**: LLM-powered intelligent test scenario creation
- **Configuration System**: YAML-based test and environment configuration
- **Observability Layer**: Metrics collection and reporting

### 🔌 Plugin Architecture

The system is built on a robust plugin architecture that supports:

- **Dynamic Plugin Registration**: Plugins can be registered and discovered at runtime
- **Factory Pattern**: Test engines are created through a factory system
- **Dependency Injection**: Clean dependency management with a DI container
- **Interface-Based Design**: All plugins implement well-defined interfaces
- **Lifecycle Management**: Proper initialization and cleanup of plugin resources

#### Core Components

- **`ITestEngine`**: Interface for all test engines (Playwright, Jest, k6, OWASP ZAP)
- **`IHealingStrategy`**: Interface for self-healing algorithms
- **`PluginRegistry`**: Central registry for plugin management
- **`TestEngineFactory`**: Factory for creating and configuring test engines
- **`DependencyContainer`**: Simple dependency injection container

#### Demo the Architecture

```bash
# Run the plugin architecture demo
npx ts-node src/demo/run-demo.ts

# Run the Playwright E2E engine demo
npx ts-node src/demo/run-playwright-demo.ts
```

This demo shows:
- Plugin registration and discovery
- Test engine creation and execution
- Self-healing capabilities
- Complete lifecycle management

## 🎭 Playwright E2E Engine

The Playwright E2E Engine is fully implemented and provides comprehensive E2E testing capabilities:

### Features
- **Multi-Browser Support**: Chromium, Firefox, WebKit
- **Self-Healing**: Automatic recovery from element not found, timeout, and network errors
- **Artifact Collection**: Screenshots, videos, traces, and reports
- **Configuration Management**: Comprehensive Playwright configuration options
- **Health Monitoring**: Engine health status and metrics

### Example Usage

```bash
# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run with UI
npm run test:e2e:ui

# View test reports
npm run test:e2e:report
```

### Test Examples

The `tests/e2e/` directory contains comprehensive examples:
- Navigation and interaction tests
- Form handling and validation
- Network request testing
- Error handling and recovery
- Performance measurement
- Mobile viewport testing
- Accessibility testing

### Artifact Management

All test artifacts are organized in the `artifacts/` directory:
- **Screenshots**: Visual verification of test execution
- **Videos**: Recordings of test sessions (on failure)
- **Traces**: Detailed execution traces for debugging
- **Reports**: HTML, JSON, and XML test reports

```bash
# Clean specific artifact types
npm run artifacts:clean-screenshots
npm run artifacts:clean-videos
npm run artifacts:clean-traces

# Clean all artifacts
npm run artifacts:clean
```

## 📊 Test Results

The project includes a comprehensive test suite with excellent coverage:

### Test Statistics
- **Unit Tests**: 778 tests passing ✅ (including AITestGenerator and WebAppAnalyzer component tests)
- **Integration Tests**: 22 tests passing ✅  
- **E2E Tests**: 10 tests passing ✅
- **API Tests**: 32 tests passing ✅ (App Analysis API endpoints with TDD implementation)
- **Total**: 863 tests passing ✅ (100% success rate with zero regressions)

### Test Categories
- **Plugin Architecture**: Registration, lifecycle, dependency injection
- **Configuration Management**: Loading, validation, environment overrides
- **Test Engine Factory**: Engine creation, validation, error handling
- **Playwright E2E Engine**: Browser automation, self-healing, artifact collection
- **WebAppAnalyzer Component**: DOM extraction, UI element identification, locator strategies
- **AITestGenerator Component**: AI-powered test generation, natural language processing, LLM integration
- **App Analysis API**: REST endpoints, request validation, async execution, error handling
- **API Integration**: Health checks, error handling, response validation

### Running Tests
```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Run specific test suites
npm run test:unit
npm run test:integration  
npm run test:e2e

# Run with coverage
npm run test:coverage
```

## 🎯 Roadmap

- [x] Project foundation and build system
- [x] Plugin architecture implementation
- [x] Configuration management system
- [x] **Playwright E2E test engine** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Basic self-healing engine** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Artifact management system** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Comprehensive test suite** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Mobile-responsive dashboard** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Progressive Web App features** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] REST API implementation ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Docker containerization ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Observability and reporting ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [ ] Jest unit test engine
- [ ] k6 performance test engine
- [ ] OWASP ZAP security test engine

### Recent Achievements 🎉

- **✅ App Analysis API Endpoints**: NEW! Complete REST API implementation with TDD (32/32 tests)
- **✅ WebAppAnalyzer Component**: Complete web app analysis with TDD implementation (36/36 tests)
- **✅ Mobile-Responsive Dashboard**: Complete PWA with offline capabilities and TDD implementation
- **✅ Progressive Web App**: Service worker, manifest, and mobile optimization
- **✅ Touch-Optimized Interface**: 44px touch targets and visual feedback
- **✅ Playwright E2E Engine**: Fully implemented with self-healing capabilities
- **✅ Artifact Organization**: Centralized test artifacts management
- **✅ Test Suite**: 863 tests passing (unit, integration, E2E, mobile, WebAppAnalyzer, AITestGenerator, App Analysis API)
- **✅ Self-Healing**: Multiple healing strategies for different failure types
- **✅ Configuration**: Comprehensive Playwright configuration system
- **✅ Documentation**: Complete documentation and examples

> **📝 Note**: The mobile-responsive dashboard with PWA capabilities demonstrates the full potential of modern web technologies integrated with our self-healing test automation harness.

## 📄 License

ISC

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## 📞 Support

For questions and support, please open an issue in the GitHub repository.

Commit message:

feat(plugins): integrate AppAnalysisEngine with plugin system using TDD
- Add AppAnalysisConfig schema with TypeScript strict mode compliance
- Update default.yaml with app-analysis engine configuration and environment overrides
- Implement complete plugin registration workflow with TestEngineFactory and PluginRegistry
- Add 53 comprehensive TDD tests (100% success rate, zero regressions across 903 tests)
- Update documentation with plugin integration patterns and success metrics
- Establish reusable patterns for future engine integrations

README.md, after:

# Self-Healing Test Automation Harness

> **🚧 ALPHA RELEASE** - Plugin Architecture Foundation with Playwright E2E Engine Implementation Complete

A comprehensive TypeScript/Node.js test automation platform that orchestrates multiple test types (unit, e2e, performance, security) with AI-powered self-healing capabilities.

## 🚀 Features

- **✅ Playwright E2E Engine**: Fully implemented with self-healing capabilities
- **✅ App Analysis Engine**: Automated app analysis and test generation with healing support
- **✅ WebAppAnalyzer Component**: Complete web application analysis with DOM extraction and UI element identification
- **✅ AITestGenerator Component**: AI-powered intelligent test generation with LLM integration (OpenAI, Claude, local models)
- **✅ Mobile-Responsive Dashboard**: Complete PWA with offline capabilities
- **✅ Plugin System Integration**: Complete AppAnalysisEngine integration with configuration schema and lifecycle management
- **Multi-Engine Support**: Playwright (E2E), Jest (Unit), k6 (Performance), OWASP ZAP (Security), App Analysis
- **AI-Powered Self-Healing**: Automatic locator recovery and test adaptation
- **AI-Powered Test Generation**: Natural language processing for user stories and intelligent test scenario creation
- **App Analysis API**: Complete REST API for app analysis workflow with 5 comprehensive endpoints
- **System Overview Dashboard**: Real-time monitoring with visual health indicators
- **Unified Reporting**: Consolidated dashboard for all test types
- **Organized Artifacts**: Centralized test artifacts management
- **Docker Ready**: Containerized deployment in under 10 minutes
- **Observability**: OpenTelemetry integration with comprehensive metrics
- **API Integration Service**: Modern JavaScript client library for seamless frontend integration
- **Progressive Web App**: Manifest, service worker, and offline functionality

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 20+ 
- npm or yarn
- Docker (for containerized deployment)

## 🛠️ Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Build the Project

```bash
npm run build
```

### 3. Start the Application

```bash
npm start
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

### 4. Access the Dashboard

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/` to access the Mobile-Responsive System Overview Dashboard featuring:
- **Real-time system health monitoring** with visual indicators
- **Test engine status** and availability tracking  
- **System metrics** (CPU, memory, disk usage)
- **Healing statistics** with success rates
- **Auto-refresh** functionality (10s health checks, 30s metrics)
- **Mobile-responsive design** with hamburger navigation
- **Progressive Web App** capabilities for mobile installation
- **Touch-optimized interface** with 44px minimum touch targets

### 5. Verify Installation

```bash
# Health check
curl http://localhost:3000/health

# API status
curl http://localhost:3000/api/status
```

### 5. Run E2E Tests (NEW!)

```bash
# Run Playwright E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# View test reports
npm run test:e2e:report

# Run with Playwright UI
npm run test:e2e:ui
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── analysis/      # ✅ App analysis components
│   ├── AppAnalysisEngine.ts      # ✅ Analysis engine implementation
│   └── WebAppAnalyzer.ts         # ✅ NEW! Web app analyzer component
├── api/           # REST API endpoints
├── config/        # Configuration management
├── core/          # Core orchestration logic
├── engines/       # Test engine implementations
│   ├── PlaywrightTestEngine.ts    # ✅ Playwright E2E engine
│   └── PlaywrightConfig.ts        # ✅ Playwright configuration
├── healing/       # Self-healing algorithms
├── observability/ # Metrics and monitoring
├── types/         # TypeScript type definitions
├── ui/            # ✅ Mobile-responsive web dashboard
│   └── public/    # Static assets (HTML, CSS, JS, PWA files)
│       ├── css/   # Stylesheets including mobile.css
│       ├── js/    # JavaScript including mobile components
│       ├── manifest.json  # PWA manifest
│       └── sw.js  # Service worker
└── utils/         # Shared utilities

tests/
├── unit/          # Unit tests
├── integration/   # Integration tests
└── e2e/           # ✅ E2E tests with Playwright

artifacts/         # ✅ Organized test artifacts
├── screenshots/   # Test screenshots
├── videos/        # Test videos
├── traces/        # Playwright traces
├── reports/       # Test reports (HTML, JSON, XML)
└── test-results/  # Raw test results
```

## 🔧 Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Compile TypeScript to JavaScript and copy UI files to dist/
- `npm start` - Start the production server
- `npm run dev` - Start development server with hot reload
- `npm test` - Run all tests (unit + integration)
- `npm run test:unit` - Run unit tests only
- `npm run test:integration` - Run integration tests only
- `npm run test:e2e` - Run E2E tests with Playwright

### UI Development Workflow

When making changes to dashboard files:
1. **Edit files** in `src/ui/public/` directory
2. **Build project** with `npm run build` (copies to `dist/ui/public/`)
3. **Restart server** with `npm start` 
4. **Clear browser cache** or use incognito mode to see changes

**Note**: The server serves from `dist/` directory, so always rebuild after UI changes.
- `npm run test:e2e:ui` - Run E2E tests with Playwright UI
- `npm run test:e2e:report` - View HTML test reports
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run clean` - Clean build artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean` - Clean all test artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-screenshots` - Clean screenshot artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-videos` - Clean video artifacts
- `npm run artifacts:clean-traces` - Clean trace artifacts

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `PORT` | `3000` | Server port |
| `NODE_ENV` | `development` | Environment mode |
| `LOG_LEVEL` | `info` | Logging level |
| `HEALING_ENABLED` | `true` | Enable self-healing |
| `HEALING_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD` | `0.6` | Minimum confidence for auto-healing |

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build Docker image
docker build -t test-automation-harness .

# Run container
docker run -p 3000:3000 test-automation-harness
```

## 📊 Architecture

The harness follows a plugin-based architecture with:

- **Core Orchestrator**: Manages test execution and coordination
- **Engine Plugins**: Swappable test engines for different test types
- **Healing Engine**: AI-powered test recovery and adaptation
- **AI Test Generation**: LLM-powered intelligent test scenario creation
- **Configuration System**: YAML-based test and environment configuration
- **Observability Layer**: Metrics collection and reporting

### 🔌 Plugin Architecture

The system is built on a robust plugin architecture that supports:

- **Dynamic Plugin Registration**: Plugins can be registered and discovered at runtime
- **Factory Pattern**: Test engines are created through a factory system
- **Dependency Injection**: Clean dependency management with a DI container
- **Interface-Based Design**: All plugins implement well-defined interfaces
- **Lifecycle Management**: Proper initialization and cleanup of plugin resources

#### ✅ Plugin Integration Success
- **AppAnalysisEngine Integration**: Complete integration with TestEngineFactory and PluginRegistry
- **Configuration Schema**: TypeScript-safe configuration with environment-specific overrides
- **YAML Configuration**: Full integration with default.yaml and environment configurations
- **Test Coverage**: 53 comprehensive tests with 100% success rate and zero regressions

#### Core Components

- **`ITestEngine`**: Interface for all test engines (Playwright, Jest, k6, OWASP ZAP)
- **`IHealingStrategy`**: Interface for self-healing algorithms
- **`PluginRegistry`**: Central registry for plugin management
- **`TestEngineFactory`**: Factory for creating and configuring test engines
- **`DependencyContainer`**: Simple dependency injection container

#### Demo the Architecture

```bash
# Run the plugin architecture demo
npx ts-node src/demo/run-demo.ts

# Run the Playwright E2E engine demo
npx ts-node src/demo/run-playwright-demo.ts
```

This demo shows:
- Plugin registration and discovery
- Test engine creation and execution
- Self-healing capabilities
- Complete lifecycle management

## 🎭 Playwright E2E Engine

The Playwright E2E Engine is fully implemented and provides comprehensive E2E testing capabilities:

### Features
- **Multi-Browser Support**: Chromium, Firefox, WebKit
- **Self-Healing**: Automatic recovery from element not found, timeout, and network errors
- **Artifact Collection**: Screenshots, videos, traces, and reports
- **Configuration Management**: Comprehensive Playwright configuration options
- **Health Monitoring**: Engine health status and metrics

### Example Usage

```bash
# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run with UI
npm run test:e2e:ui

# View test reports
npm run test:e2e:report
```

### Test Examples

The `tests/e2e/` directory contains comprehensive examples:
- Navigation and interaction tests
- Form handling and validation
- Network request testing
- Error handling and recovery
- Performance measurement
- Mobile viewport testing
- Accessibility testing

### Artifact Management

All test artifacts are organized in the `artifacts/` directory:
- **Screenshots**: Visual verification of test execution
- **Videos**: Recordings of test sessions (on failure)
- **Traces**: Detailed execution traces for debugging
- **Reports**: HTML, JSON, and XML test reports

```bash
# Clean specific artifact types
npm run artifacts:clean-screenshots
npm run artifacts:clean-videos
npm run artifacts:clean-traces

# Clean all artifacts
npm run artifacts:clean
```

## 📊 Test Results

The project includes a comprehensive test suite with excellent coverage:

### Test Statistics
- **Unit Tests**: 778 tests passing ✅ (including AITestGenerator and WebAppAnalyzer component tests)
- **Integration Tests**: 22 tests passing ✅  
- **E2E Tests**: 10 tests passing ✅
- **API Tests**: 32 tests passing ✅ (App Analysis API endpoints with TDD implementation)
- **Total**: 863 tests passing ✅ (100% success rate with zero regressions)

### Test Categories
- **Plugin Architecture**: Registration, lifecycle, dependency injection
- **Configuration Management**: Loading, validation, environment overrides
- **Test Engine Factory**: Engine creation, validation, error handling
- **Playwright E2E Engine**: Browser automation, self-healing, artifact collection
- **WebAppAnalyzer Component**: DOM extraction, UI element identification, locator strategies
- **AITestGenerator Component**: AI-powered test generation, natural language processing, LLM integration
- **App Analysis API**: REST endpoints, request validation, async execution, error handling
- **API Integration**: Health checks, error handling, response validation

### Running Tests
```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Run specific test suites
npm run test:unit
npm run test:integration  
npm run test:e2e

# Run with coverage
npm run test:coverage
```

## 🎯 Roadmap

- [x] Project foundation and build system
- [x] Plugin architecture implementation
- [x] Configuration management system
- [x] **Playwright E2E test engine** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Basic self-healing engine** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Artifact management system** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Comprehensive test suite** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Mobile-responsive dashboard** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] **Progressive Web App features** ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] REST API implementation ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Docker containerization ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [x] Observability and reporting ✅ **COMPLETED**
- [ ] Jest unit test engine
- [ ] k6 performance test engine
- [ ] OWASP ZAP security test engine

### Recent Achievements 🎉

- **✅ App Analysis API Endpoints**: NEW! Complete REST API implementation with TDD (32/32 tests)
- **✅ WebAppAnalyzer Component**: Complete web app analysis with TDD implementation (36/36 tests)
- **✅ Mobile-Responsive Dashboard**: Complete PWA with offline capabilities and TDD implementation
- **✅ Progressive Web App**: Service worker, manifest, and mobile optimization
- **✅ Touch-Optimized Interface**: 44px touch targets and visual feedback
- **✅ Playwright E2E Engine**: Fully implemented with self-healing capabilities
- **✅ Artifact Organization**: Centralized test artifacts management
- **✅ Test Suite**: 863 tests passing (unit, integration, E2E, mobile, WebAppAnalyzer, AITestGenerator, App Analysis API)
- **✅ Self-Healing**: Multiple healing strategies for different failure types
- **✅ Configuration**: Comprehensive Playwright configuration system
- **✅ Documentation**: Complete documentation and examples

> **📝 Note**: The mobile-responsive dashboard with PWA capabilities demonstrates the full potential of modern web technologies integrated with our self-healing test automation harness.

## 📄 License

ISC

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## 📞 Support

For questions and support, please open an issue in the GitHub repository.
