docs/API.md, before:

# Self-Healing Test Automation Harness - REST API Documentation

## Overview

The Self-Healing Test Automation Harness provides a comprehensive REST API for managing test execution, monitoring results, and configuring self-healing capabilities. The API follows RESTful principles and provides consistent error handling and response formatting.

## Base URL

```
http://localhost:3000/api/v1
```

## Authentication

Currently, the API operates without authentication for development purposes. In production, API key authentication will be implemented.

## Response Format

All API responses follow a consistent format:

### Success Response
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Operation completed successfully",
  "data": { ... },
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

### Error Response
```json
{
  "success": false,
  "error": {
    "type": "ValidationError",
    "message": "Request validation failed",
    "statusCode": 400,
    "requestId": "req_abc123",
    "details": "Field 'name' is required"
  },
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z"
}
```

## Endpoints

### Health Check

#### GET /health
Get system health status.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "healthy",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "uptime": 3600,
  "environment": "development"
}
```

### Test Execution

#### POST /api/v1/tests/execute
Execute a new test.

**Request Body:**
```json
{
  "name": "Login Test",
  "description": "Test user login functionality",
  "engine": "playwright",
  "config": {
    "url": "https://example.com",
    "timeout": 30000
  },
  "options": {
    "timeout": 30000,
    "retries": 2,
    "parallel": false,
    "healing": true
  }
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Test execution started successfully",
  "data": {
    "testId": "test_Login_Test_abc123",
    "status": "accepted",
    "message": "Test execution started",
    "estimatedDuration": 30000
  },
  "statusCode": 202
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/tests/:id/status
Get test execution status.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "testId": "test_Login_Test_abc123",
    "status": "running",
    "startTime": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
    "endTime": null,
    "duration": 0,
    "progress": 45,
    "healingAttempts": 0,
    "errors": 0
  }
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/tests/:id/result
Get complete test result.

**Query Parameters:**
- `includeArtifacts` (boolean): Include test artifacts (default: false)
- `includeHealingAttempts` (boolean): Include healing attempts (default: true)
- `includeMetrics` (boolean): Include performance metrics (default: true)

#### POST /api/v1/tests/:id/cancel
Cancel a running test.

#### GET /api/v1/tests/queue
Get test execution queue status.

#### GET /api/v1/tests/engines
Get available test engines.

#### POST /api/v1/tests/batch
Execute multiple tests in batch.

### Test Results

#### GET /api/v1/results
Get test results with filtering and pagination.

**Query Parameters:**
- `page` (number): Page number (default: 1)
- `limit` (number): Items per page (default: 10)
- `status` (string): Filter by status (passed, failed, skipped, running)
- `engine` (string): Filter by engine name
- `testName` (string): Filter by test name
- `startDate` (string): Filter by start date (ISO format)
- `endDate` (string): Filter by end date (ISO format)

#### GET /api/v1/results/:id
Get specific test result by ID.

#### GET /api/v1/results/summary
Get test results summary and statistics.

#### POST /api/v1/results/reports
Generate a test report.

**Request Body:**
```json
{
  "name": "Weekly Test Report",
  "description": "Weekly test execution summary",
  "format": "html",
  "filters": {
    "startDate": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "endDate": "2025-01-07T23:59:59.999Z"
  },
  "options": {
    "includeArtifacts": false,
    "includeHealingAttempts": true,
    "includeMetrics": true,
    "includeCharts": true
  }
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/results/reports/:id
Get report status and details.

#### GET /api/v1/results/reports/:id/download
Download generated report.

#### GET /api/v1/results/artifacts/:testId
Get test artifacts.

### Healing Management

#### GET /api/v1/healing/strategies
Get available healing strategies.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/strategies/:id
Get specific healing strategy details.

#### PUT /api/v1/healing/strategies/:id
Update healing strategy configuration.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/attempts
Get healing attempts with filtering and pagination.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/attempts/:id
Get specific healing attempt details.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/statistics
Get healing statistics and metrics.

#### POST /api/v1/healing/attempts
Manually trigger a healing attempt.

### Engine Management

#### GET /api/v1/engines
Get all available test engines.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id
Get specific test engine details.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id/health
Get test engine health status.

#### POST /api/v1/engines/:id/initialize
Initialize a test engine.

#### POST /api/v1/engines/:id/cleanup
Clean up test engine resources.

#### PUT /api/v1/engines/:id/config
Update engine configuration.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id/metrics
Get engine performance metrics.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/types
Get available test engine types.

## Error Codes

| Code | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 200 | Success |
| 201 | Created |
| 202 | Accepted |
| 400 | Bad Request |
| 401 | Unauthorized |
| 403 | Forbidden |
| 404 | Not Found |
| 409 | Conflict |
| 429 | Too Many Requests |
| 500 | Internal Server Error |

## Rate Limiting

The API implements rate limiting to prevent abuse:
- **Limit**: 100 requests per 15 minutes per IP
- **Headers**: `X-RateLimit-Limit`, `X-RateLimit-Remaining`, `X-RateLimit-Reset`

## Examples

### Execute a Test
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/v1/tests/execute \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "name": "Login Test",
    "engine": "playwright",
    "config": {
      "url": "https://example.com"
    }
  }'
```

### Get Test Results
```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/results?status=passed&limit=5"
```

### Get Healing Statistics
```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/healing/statistics?startDate=2025-01-01&endDate=2025-01-07"
```

## SDK and Client Libraries

Client libraries for popular programming languages will be available in future releases:
- JavaScript/TypeScript
- Python
- Java
- C#

## Support

For API support and questions:
- Documentation: [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness)
- Issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness/issues)
- Discussions: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness/discussions)

Commit message:

feat(ui): implement comprehensive test execution interface with full testing coverage (#17)
- Add TestExecutionInterface with dynamic forms, real-time monitoring, and history management
- Create test-execution.js (2,800+ lines) with engine-specific configurations
- Add test-execution.css with glassmorphism design and responsive layout
- Implement 32 comprehensive unit tests achieving 100% coverage (450/450 tests passing)
- Fix production bug: missing stopTestMonitoring() call preventing memory leaks
- Establish test-friendly architecture with dependency injection patterns
- Update documentation (agents.md, shrimp-rules.md, DASHBOARD.md) with new standards
- Integrate with existing dashboard and API services seamlessly
- Support Playwright, Jest, k6, and OWASP ZAP test engines
- Add real-time test monitoring with 2-second polling intervals

docs/API.md, after:

# Self-Healing Test Automation Harness - REST API Documentation

## Overview

The Self-Healing Test Automation Harness provides a comprehensive REST API for managing test execution, monitoring results, and configuring self-healing capabilities. The API follows RESTful principles and provides consistent error handling and response formatting.

## Base URL

```
http://localhost:3000/api/v1
```

## Dashboard Access

The web dashboard is available at:
```
http://localhost:3000/
```

Static assets (CSS, JS, images) are served from:
```
http://localhost:3000/static/
```

## Authentication

Currently, the API operates without authentication for development purposes. In production, API key authentication will be implemented.

## Response Format

All API responses follow a consistent format:

### Success Response
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Operation completed successfully",
  "data": { ... },
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

### Error Response
```json
{
  "success": false,
  "error": {
    "type": "ValidationError",
    "message": "Request validation failed",
    "statusCode": 400,
    "requestId": "req_abc123",
    "details": "Field 'name' is required"
  },
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z"
}
```

## Endpoints

### Health Check

#### GET /health
Get system health status.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "healthy",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "uptime": 3600,
  "environment": "development"
}
```

### Test Execution

#### POST /api/v1/tests/execute
Execute a new test.

**Request Body:**
```json
{
  "name": "Login Test",
  "description": "Test user login functionality",
  "engine": "playwright",
  "config": {
    "url": "https://example.com",
    "timeout": 30000
  },
  "options": {
    "timeout": 30000,
    "retries": 2,
    "parallel": false,
    "healing": true
  }
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "message": "Test execution started successfully",
  "data": {
    "testId": "test_Login_Test_abc123",
    "status": "accepted",
    "message": "Test execution started",
    "estimatedDuration": 30000
  },
  "statusCode": 202
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/tests/:id/status
Get test execution status.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "testId": "test_Login_Test_abc123",
    "status": "running",
    "startTime": "2025-01-06T15:30:00.000Z",
    "endTime": null,
    "duration": 0,
    "progress": 45,
    "healingAttempts": 0,
    "errors": 0
  }
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/tests/:id/result
Get complete test result.

**Query Parameters:**
- `includeArtifacts` (boolean): Include test artifacts (default: false)
- `includeHealingAttempts` (boolean): Include healing attempts (default: true)
- `includeMetrics` (boolean): Include performance metrics (default: true)

#### POST /api/v1/tests/:id/cancel
Cancel a running test.

#### GET /api/v1/tests/queue
Get test execution queue status.

#### GET /api/v1/tests/engines
Get available test engines.

#### POST /api/v1/tests/batch
Execute multiple tests in batch.

### Test Results

#### GET /api/v1/results
Get test results with filtering and pagination.

**Query Parameters:**
- `page` (number): Page number (default: 1)
- `limit` (number): Items per page (default: 10)
- `status` (string): Filter by status (passed, failed, skipped, running)
- `engine` (string): Filter by engine name
- `testName` (string): Filter by test name
- `startDate` (string): Filter by start date (ISO format)
- `endDate` (string): Filter by end date (ISO format)

#### GET /api/v1/results/:id
Get specific test result by ID.

#### GET /api/v1/results/summary
Get test results summary and statistics.

#### POST /api/v1/results/reports
Generate a test report.

**Request Body:**
```json
{
  "name": "Weekly Test Report",
  "description": "Weekly test execution summary",
  "format": "html",
  "filters": {
    "startDate": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "endDate": "2025-01-07T23:59:59.999Z"
  },
  "options": {
    "includeArtifacts": false,
    "includeHealingAttempts": true,
    "includeMetrics": true,
    "includeCharts": true
  }
}
```

#### GET /api/v1/results/reports/:id
Get report status and details.

#### GET /api/v1/results/reports/:id/download
Download generated report.

#### GET /api/v1/results/artifacts/:testId
Get test artifacts.

### Healing Management

#### GET /api/v1/healing/strategies
Get available healing strategies.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/strategies/:id
Get specific healing strategy details.

#### PUT /api/v1/healing/strategies/:id
Update healing strategy configuration.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/attempts
Get healing attempts with filtering and pagination.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/attempts/:id
Get specific healing attempt details.

#### GET /api/v1/healing/statistics
Get healing statistics and metrics.

#### POST /api/v1/healing/attempts
Manually trigger a healing attempt.

### Engine Management

#### GET /api/v1/engines
Get all available test engines.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id
Get specific test engine details.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id/health
Get test engine health status.

#### POST /api/v1/engines/:id/initialize
Initialize a test engine.

#### POST /api/v1/engines/:id/cleanup
Clean up test engine resources.

#### PUT /api/v1/engines/:id/config
Update engine configuration.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/:id/metrics
Get engine performance metrics.

#### GET /api/v1/engines/types
Get available test engine types.

## Error Codes

| Code | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 200 | Success |
| 201 | Created |
| 202 | Accepted |
| 400 | Bad Request |
| 401 | Unauthorized |
| 403 | Forbidden |
| 404 | Not Found |
| 409 | Conflict |
| 429 | Too Many Requests |
| 500 | Internal Server Error |

## Rate Limiting

The API implements rate limiting to prevent abuse:
- **Limit**: 100 requests per 15 minutes per IP
- **Headers**: `X-RateLimit-Limit`, `X-RateLimit-Remaining`, `X-RateLimit-Reset`

## Examples

### Execute a Test
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/api/v1/tests/execute \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "name": "Login Test",
    "engine": "playwright",
    "config": {
      "url": "https://example.com"
    }
  }'
```

### Get Test Results
```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/results?status=passed&limit=5"
```

### Get Healing Statistics
```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/healing/statistics?startDate=2025-01-01&endDate=2025-01-07"
```

## SDK and Client Libraries

Client libraries for popular programming languages will be available in future releases:
- JavaScript/TypeScript
- Python
- Java
- C#

## Support

For API support and questions:
- Documentation: [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness)
- Issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness/issues)
- Discussions: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/your-org/test-automation-harness/discussions)
